---
title: BoLo notes 2023-01-13
---

## Bo

### EHBO Course Final Dates

Datumprikker of 4 dates in the links of the agenda. (2 sessions per day, one session in the morning, one in the evening) (15 morning, 15 evening). 2 dates will be picked. Fill in per board. The whole board does not have to go in one session.
We'll know by the end of this week.

### Covenant

They adjusted the subsidies. Covenant is sent, so we need to sign it. - Add the digital signatures when it's done.

### Housing

This will come back in the Lo.
They said that they would respond at the start of Jan, but they haven't.
Cas had promised us in 2018 that we would get 730m^2, and that is in the minutes.
This is mentioned more times, so they cannot just not agree with this.

Temporary move is still on for begining of summer, but they said that it would be clarified later. However, it is important to know if we move at the start of summer, or before christmas.

### WePartyNow - so this was removed, and the guy hasn't come, so we'll need to contact him directly

1. Is there more than one party? - one faculty, one FSRs and USR. So if associations want, then yes, we will organize it.
2. Which associations are interested and confirmed? -
3. Additional details - sometimes they ask for a fee. They would take the profits and would spend on their app development.

Apparently this was discussed in the UVO.
They are doing uni-wide party, 1 week before the DejaVU.

There was an idea to organize a party together with other associations for the end of the year (it used to be organized). This would be better then rather than with WePartyNow.

They are quite sketchy, because they 1) are not aligned with the party, 2)

ACD is looking for a soco member.

## Lo

### Covenant from Lo

review date was missing, so this will be adjusted and we will need to sign it.

### Housing from Lo

Plan is to move at the start of the summer. There is no final day yet, and the day we would find out that cannot be promised, so we still do not know if we will move. Cas, as soon as he knows, will send an email about the concrete date.

### The subsidy choice

why it was chosen to be 12.5%
Because of the inflation, this is the percentage that seemed reasonable. This is just for the profilieringfund, not concerning other VU subsidies (from department of education), such as introduction subsidy. We would need to discuss this with Sharon, head of that.
The subsidy can be rediscussed if the inflation rises quickly

### Main move

FCO said that they do not have the area to give to the study associations. WE WILL NOT GET EXTRA SQ METERS. Because "massive problem with space for the WHOLE faculty".

We can think together with Cas and faculty, how to use this area - maybe rearrange the rooms, how to use the space.

Right now it is 350 sq meters in AB wing.

The faculty itself is trying to show the University board that faculty is growing a lot but not getting space.

So basically dean is saying that associations have to change how they operate, and we cannot continue being how we are. LOL

We should work on process how to get to a solution. Let's forget about board rooms + shared room.

We lose confidence when we are told that we are working together, but then there are desicions made that overrule everything.

But it is not possible to develop a solution for a 350 sq m space, therefore "the process of developing a solution" is not possible.

"at some point we need to enter a state that we're just looking forwards".

The process maybe could be for associations, teachers, faculty itself go together to the CVB. Dean cannot say "yes" yet because it will be discussed in the faculty board.

Final plans are being made for the AB wing. In the couple months theses plans have to be given to the constructors, so this has to be decided.

Is there a canteen in the new building? There is no answer, Cas does not know.

If there are burning questions before the BoLo, send them to Cas/faculty, then they can be prepared and addressed in the Lo.
